otelgrpc: stats handlers record durations in ms instead of ns (#4548)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- Add the new `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrgen` package to provide auto-generated source code instrumentation. (#3068, #3108)

### Fixed

> - The `grpc.StatsHandler` now records RPC durations in ms instead of ns. (#4547)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc` instrumentation now records RPC durations in `ms` instead of `ns`. (#4547, #4548)
```

> - The `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc` instrumentation now records RPC durations in `ms` instead of `ns`. (#4547, #4548)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc` instrumentation now records RPC durations in `ms` instead of `ns`.  (#4548)
```
